{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 This viewer uses your webcam to compare the past, present and future (only a few seconds in the past and a fraction of a second in the future).
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b To use:
\b0 \
\
The control panel at the bottom should be activated Left to Right\
\
1) Click Open. Your webcam light should turn green. Note that if other applications already have bound the webcam this application will not be able to access the camera.\
2) IF you are having trouble accessing the webcam\'85. click settings. this will allow you to access the video in control panel. Select the "source" tab in this window and make sure the "Built in isight" is selected\
\
3) This program stores the frames of an image in a folder. Choose a folder (usually just make a new one) to store the data\
\
4) Click ALL THREE boxes below BEGIN, from left to right. The left two panels should activate.\
\
5) Now adjust the TIME DIAL knob, roll it back and forth a bit until the TIME PAST panel illuminates. The Number in the TIME DIAL window corresponds to how far back the application goes in time.\
\

\b What the windows show:
\b0 \
\
PRESENT TIME: The live view from the webcam\
TIME PAST: the view from the webcam in the past corresponding to the time dial value controlled by the time dial knob (larger numbers mean longer ago)\
\
PAST ECHO: Shows a fusion of Now and Then images. Try moving and then stay still. You will see you past self rejoin your present self.\
\
FUTURE ECHO: A fusion of Then, Now and what MAY be images\'85\'85 the line drawing (white on grey) is the past, the green coloration is the present and the blue momentary flashes are the "momentum" in the future}